#labels Featured
=HXS - Signals Library=


==Overview==

HXS is based on AS3Signals and aims to provide a lightweight signals & slots library for crossplatform haxe development. The syntax aims to be concise and familiar to flash & web (ecma) programmers. 



==Examples==
Examples can be found in the Main.hx file in the 'src' of the HXS project. Or read below.

==A simple example==

Like AS3Signals HXS is setup to directly call listener functions. You have the option of calling listeners with a number of arguments: 1,2,3,4 or 5 (currently). There are different SignalX classes for each number of arguments. 

==No Arguemnts==

The Simplest setup simply allows a number of listeners to be added to a signal, without passing any information to the listener.

{{{
var s = new Signal();
s.add(function() {
	trace("a simple listener");
});
s.add(function() {
	trace("another simple listener on the same signal");
});
s.dispatch();
}}}


==With Arguments== 

SignalX classes allow you to pass data to the listeners. HXS is fully typed, but you can use type inference for cleaner, faster coding. 

===Fully Typed===
{{{
var signal2:Signal2<String, Float> = new Signal2();
signal2.add(function(a:String, b:Float){
	trace("String" + a);
	trace("float" + (b*2));
});
signal2.dispatch("hello", 22.3);
}}}

===Type Inference===
{{{
var signal2 = new Signal2();
signal2.add(function(a:String, b:Float){
	trace("String" + a);
	trace("float" + (b*2));
});
signal2.dispatch("hello", 22.3);
}}}



==Event Information==
So far we have been adding listeners to our signal via the 'add' method. If you want to get information about he signal/slot that is currently dispatching then you can use the 'addAdvanced' method. This sends an 'info' object with the dispatch.

This can be useful to:
  * access the caller object (object holding the signal - eg. a movieclip) 
This requires that you have passed it to the Signal on instantiation (eg new Signal(this))
  * mute/unmute the signal
  * mute/unmute slots

{{{
var s = new Signal();
s.addAdvanced(function(info:Info) {
	trace("a simple listener with info");
	info.signal.mute();
});
s.dispatch();
s.dispatch();
s.dispatch();
}}}

This example would only call the listener once, as in the first call it mutes the signal.


==Integration with Native Flash events==
It is very simple to integrate with flash AVM2 native events. 

{{{
var onClick = new AS3Signal(this, MouseEvent.CLICK);
onClick.add(function(e:MouseEvent){
	
	trace("clicked");
});	
}}}

This example adds a listener to 'this' for the MouseEvent.CLICK. An AS3Signal allows for the same features (muting, info etc, as the normal signals)

==Shortcuts==

Shortcuts use the haxe 'using' functionality to inject signals onto certain classes. For example, onEnterFrame can be added to all MovieClips - this allows us to use events similar to ActionScript1, but with the benefits of signals:

{{{
var box = new Box(0xff0000);
box.x = 200;
addChild(box);
	
box.onClick().add(function(e) {
	trace("onClick");
});
		
box.onRollOver().add(function(e) {
	trace("onRollOver");
});

// it allows for onReleaseOutside to be implemented too!
box.onReleaseOutside().add(function(e) {
	trace("** onReleaseOutside ** (HELL YEAH!)");
});
}}}

Currently there a few shortcuts for commonly used AS3 events, such as onEnterFrame, click, etc. 